I want you to stop braiding so I could go outside.
Aww.
I wish you could go outside too.
But we need the rain, so plants can grow,
and we can have things to eat.
It's a good thing.
Even Jehovah waits for things, so he knows how we feel.
There have been lots of things wrong with the world
for thousands of years.
Jehovah wants to fix them all.
But he's waiting for just the right time to do it.
Jehovah must be so bored.
Not even a little bit,
because he stays busy doing good things,
like teaching us and taking care of the preaching work.
You can stay busy doing good things, too.
Perhaps you can ask Jehovah to help you be patient.
Now, instead of just sitting there being bored,
you can help me do all these dishes.
You are fast.
Thank you, Caleb.
Look, it stopped raining.
The rain always stops eventually.
You just have to be patient.
And since you helped me with the dishes,
so nice of you,
now I can take you to the park.
Yes.
I'm a frog.
Ribbit frogs over the mud.
Get it, frog!
No, no, no, wait!